Minutes 25 July 2014
====================


## Attendence
Present: Chris, Kurt, Joshua, Jenna, Jamie, Matt, Conor, Michael


## Agenda

### Members
New member, Kurt has email and will contact for inform of next meeting and invite them to Google Plus group.

Chris will add them to repo once contact has been established.

### Meetings

Weekly or less organised?

Mondays at 12 in Leech. More if needed.

### Repo

Bruce (bamacdonald) has been added as collaborator to the repo.

### Coding Style

Link for ROS coding style is in the repo.
This includes variable names and formatting.


### Git Workflow

Always pull before you start working on a branch. Always.

####master
 - True code, must pass build.
 - Merge develop in on achieving milestones.

####develop
 - General development.
 - Don't break the build, test experimental features in separate branches.

####feature/\<name>

- Feature branches, once it is working merge into master then delete branch. 

- Push feature branches to origin repo always.

####hotfix/\<name>

- If you break master, create a hotfix branch, fix the issue then merge into master and develop.